bsdlib: Update BSD library for nrf9160 (#77)
NordicPlayground/nrfxlib: bsdlib/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

bsdlib 0.3.4
************

Updated library with various changes:

* Added modem log interface (``NRF_PROTO_MODEM_LOG``).
* Increased ``BSD_MAX_SOCKET_COUNT`` from 8 to 9.

> * Do not return error from :cpp:func:`nrf_inbuilt_key_exists()` if key does not exist.

Reviewer: This line would need to be edited to match the style of other lines in this section.
```suggestion
Modified :cpp:func:`nrf_inbuilt_key_exists()` so that it does not return an error if a key does not exist.
```
Also, add information about what it does if a key does exist, even if it might be an obvious information.

* Fixed a memory leak in :cpp:func:`nrf_inbuilt_key_exists()` on error.

> * Improved error handling when no memory available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Improved error handling when running out of memory.
```
To be checked by tech writers.
